This project might be open to Hacktoberfest 2025.

I'll try to have some interesting so-called "non-code" contribution 
opportunities.

# Contribution Guidelines

I don't want to deal with Maven. I think it's obnoxious, obtrusive and adds way 
too much of its own complexity to the project.

However, I now realize I needed to insist on something far more basic: don't 
make a pull request if you haven't verified that what you wrote compiles and 
passes the relevant tests.

And even more basic: actually read the issue you want to work on and make sure 
you understand what is being asked. If you don't understand the issue, comment 
to request clarification or move on to some other issue, or maybe move on to 
some other Hacktoberfest repository.

And don't make pull requests just to impose your own opinions on things, such as 
that this project should use Maven, after my having written precisely not that.

Maven is overkill for this project, because this project is not supposed to have 
a hundred dependencies to keep track of. Issues asking for Maven will be flatly 
rejected. Same goes for pull requests.

To ask for dependencies besides JUnit is to completely miss the point of toy 
examples. These toy examples are about illustrating concepts of object-oriented 
programming, not demonstrating that there's a third party library for every 
purpose.

I will only consider pull requests pertaining to open issues or TODO comments. 
You need to have an integrated development environment (IDE) like IntelliJ IDEA 
or Apache NetBeans, with JUnit.

A pull request should not cause existing tests that were previously passing to 
fail, but it may contain intermediate commits with failing tests.

Do not delete any tests, unless you can absolutely demonstrate they're 
unnecessary (redundancy is not proof of being unnecessary, especially where 
inheritance and polymorphism are involved).

At first, I was using JUnit 4, I believe I have switched over the project to 
JUnit 5, but I'll have to check.

Use whatever build tool you like, just don't put any record of it in pull 
requests. These toy examples are not worth putting up with Maven headaches or 
Gradle headaches or sbt headaches. If you're using IntelliJ, it's probably 
easiest to just use IntelliJ's built-in build tool.

The only dependency for this Java 8 project is JUnit. If the Java Development 
Kit (JDK) for Java 8 doesn't provide something you need, consider writing it 
from scratch.
